Cool. Let's go ahead now and check out PCL library.
So this is a Point Cloud Library.
It's going to really help us out when working with PCD files.
The reason that is, is because it's an open source library
for C++ and it's very widely used in robotics community.
It's going to have a lot of built-in functions that we
can check out for doing filtering, segmentation,
and clustering, and what's really nice
is it has this really cool rendering capabilities as well.
So we can visually look at point clouds and we can
do this really cool rendering where the different boxes,
and shapes, and lines onto our viewer,
and really play around with it visually.
So PCL is great for all of this.
That's what we'll mainly be working with in this lesson.